At this point, don’t get angry.
Grandma, I didn't read Qi.
This is also Su Xia's current situation. You said it is indeed not the price.
You have also found a future for Su Xia. so,
I must agree, since you know,
Why are you still saying this? I took care of him for three years,
More than a thousand are one word.
These three methods will teach dogs to have feelings, right?
Am I not a human being? I have no heart anymore.
His legs haven't healed yet, so how can he live alone?
Don't worry, I'm going away from home, it's so comforting.
No one will take care of me better than me,
How is my brother?
I let him go
Not letting you go
Your other family members
How can you get past him?
Can I work for another company?
You make money
It doesn’t matter if you work less
It doesn't matter if you only eat one blue head a day
If he doesn’t have enough to eat tomorrow, he’ll be fat.
I'll just give it to you
It’s simply the amount of wind
I actually disagree
If you dare to make such a decision
we belong to family
There is no such thing as you, who keeps himself locked up without smiling.
You don’t have to admit it
Then I'll give you the joint
Some people remember that after you talked about grandma Su’s family
This is what my grandfather learned all his life.
I'll go back and pack for New Year's Eve
I won’t let you and the Su family know how to do it.
Learn to disagree
As long as I don’t agree with you leaving Grandma Su’s family
why is that
You often say I have no ability
Just because I can be separated into whichever one
Of course most of them look
Today we wrote this book
It won't have any impact on the Su family